BanyanDB: Support `hot/warm/cold` stages configuration. (#13144)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/banyandb/stages.md

> # Lifecycle Stages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Data Lifecycle Stages(Hot/Warm/Cold)
```
Let's rename the title and menu item to this.

Lifecycle Stages provide a mechanism to optimize storage costs and query performance based on the time granularity of records/metrics,
specially if you require keep mass of data for a long time.

> The strategy of lifecycle stages is hot, warm and cold. Each stage has different TTL settings and Segment Creation Policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data lifecycle includes hot, warm, and cold stages. Each stage has different TTL settings and Segment Creation Policies.
```

Each group of records/metrics can be automatically migrated and stored in different stages according to the configuration.

## Stages Definition

> - **hot**: The default first stage for storing data. The data is the newest and most frequently queried.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **hot**: The default first stage for storing data. The data is the newest, able to be updated(metrics), and most frequently queried.
```

> - **warm**: Optional, the second stage for storing data. The data is less frequently queried than the hot stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **warm**: Optional, the second stage for storing data. The data is less frequently queried than the hot stage, can't be updated, and still performs well.
```

> - **cold**: Optional, the third stage for storing data. The data is rarely queried and is stored for a long time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **cold**: Optional, the third stage for storing data. The data is rarely queried and is stored for a long time. The query performance is significantly lower than the hot/warm stages data.
```
